GODRIVER-3499 Update v2 migration guide. (#1987)
mongodb/mongo-go-driver: docs/migration-2.0.md

- `MaxAwaitTime`
- `NoCursorTimeout`

> The data type of `ArrayFilters` has been changed to `[]interface{}`, which can be used as the `Filters` field in the original `ArrayFilters` struct.

Reviewer: would "and" possibly make more sense that "which" here? will defer to @matthewdale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ArrayFilters` struct type has been removed in v2. As a result, the `ArrayFilters` field in the `FindOneAndUpdateOptions` struct now uses the `[]interface{}` type. The `ArrayFilters` field (now of type `[]interface{}`) serves the same purpose as the `Filters` field in the original `ArrayFilters` struct.
```

### UpdateManyOptions / UpdateOneOptions

The `UpdateOptions` has been separated into `UpdateManyOptions` and `UpdateOneOptions` to configure the corresponding `UpdateMany` and `UpdateOne` operations.

> The data type of `ArrayFilters` in the `Update*Options` has been changed to `[]interface{}`, which can be used as the `Filters` field in the original `ArrayFilters` struct.

Reviewer: what is the * in `Update*Options`? is this meant to be regex? i suggest we simply write out "`UpdateManyOptions` and `UpdateOneOptions`" to avoid extra confusion.

also is there a word missing after "the `Update*Options`"? should it be "the `Update*Options` types"

Author: The `UpdateManyOptions` and `UpdateOneOptions` in v2 are derived from the `UpdateOptions` in v1, so the `ArrayFilters` field in both types is also adopted from `UpdateOptions`.  I'm not sure if using "`UpdateManyOptions` and `UpdateOneOptions`" is clear enough in this case.

Reviewer: Not sure I understand. What does `Update*Options` refer to in your statement above?

Author: Do you think the following is clearer?

```suggestion
The `ArrayFilters` struct type has been removed in v2. Correspondingly, the data type of `ArrayFilters` in the `UpdateOptions` struct has been changed to `[]interface{}` in the `UpdateManyOptions` and `UpdateOneOptions` structs. The new `ArrayFilters` field (with the `[]interface{}` type) can be used as the `Filters` field in the original `ArrayFilters` struct.
```

Reviewer: I looked up the [code change](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-go-driver/commit/ba71bb06c9819896cea168b35e4f24533df5d408#diff-087865d21e3d0db5c275f1ebf0d047355146ff68d19eb251aa2aa960cea9c5b4) and see what you mean now. What made this confusing is that both the field and the struct type had the same name.

How about this:

```suggestion
The `ArrayFilters` struct type has been removed in v2. As a result, the `ArrayFilters` fields in the new `UpdateManyOptions` and `UpdateOneOptions` structs (which replace the old `UpdateOptions` struct) now use the `[]interface{}` type. The `ArrayFilters` field (now of type `[]interface{}`) serves the same purpose as the `Filters` field in the original `ArrayFilters` struct.
```
